I got two 19 here.
So I made I didn't make the the two 14 deadline that I was trying to get there.
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, this is Giga on biological.
It's kind of a a spontaneous stream.
I'm able to have a conversation live with a old friend who I haven't.
I haven't been able to get on air in a while.
We haven't had our schedules cross like we would like to have and and there's been a
lot of other stuff going on, of course, as you're aware of in my life and unaware of
everybody's got their own life, right?
So I'm really happy to have the chance to catch up to my friend, the regular guy again.
And so I don't want to give too much of an introduction because we both don't have a
lot of time to share with each other.
So regular guy, how the heck are you?
Good to hear from you again, man.
Thank you, JC.
It's an honor to be back on your show.
And yeah, it's it feels like it's been far too long.
And I really took the initiative and said, you know, that I wanted to check in and, you
know, give maybe people an update on, you know, what what kind of things people, what
kind of things are happening behind the scenes, what people are saying.
And you know, I feel like I have a lot of good news to deliver in general.
We are definitely we are definitely in need of good news.
I'm going to yeah, I'm going to get rid of the ticking sound.
I was just mocking 60 minutes there.
I had that all rigged up my apologize to everybody's complaining about it in the chat.
Yeah, it's we were really in need of some good news and good news from America is what
we really need.
So go ahead, please deliver if you can.
Well, you know, Christmas came and went.
A lot of stuff happened in the news.
And so I've had the opportunity to chat with a lot of friends, associates, parents, and
I've been a little pushy in the sense that I've been pushing your show and your ideas.
And what I find is that, you know, I'm getting no resistance as soon as I explain to people,
you know, what CDNA cloning is, they get it.
I talk about control for at least they get it.
Okay.
I talk about secrets being stolen soul on the black market, they get it.
And then I go on the internet and I see a bunch of people who don't get it and I'm scratching
my head here because some of these people claim to be intelligent, claim to be scientists
of some kind or another mathematician statisticians.
But I don't know what it is.
They just don't get it.
They're just real slow, big disconnect.
And I worry sometimes that, you know, people will get their news from the internet or seeing
these people and thinking, you know, they reflect the average, the average person on
the street.
And that's not my experience.
Now, the other thing I'll say, you know, people I'm talking to aren't necessarily the average
person on the street.
Just by, you know, virtual luck happens stance, I happen to know a lot of people who work
in the government, military, those kinds of circles, and, you know, they tend to be
on my side.
I see a shift happening.
I see all these people that are willing to listen to reason, there's some sense of morality,
some sense of what's right and wrong.
Having this to, you know, swallow some hard truths.
The other thing I want to say is that I really like your emphasis on teaching kids because
that's where I see the action happening.
And to give an illustration, I know people who want to homeschool their kids.
People who work for the government who want to homeschool their kids, because they don't
like what's going on in schools, and they don't like the way things are being taught.
Now, you wouldn't know that if you were reading the news.
You wouldn't know that if you're on social media, because these people aren't necessarily
free to go on social media and talk.
But that's kind of what made me want to come back on your show and talk to you, because
I don't want people to get too depressed about the state of things.
And, you know, as you say, don't take the bait.
Wow.
I don't leave it there.
Yeah, I'm really excited because this has been crossing my mind for a while, that while,
for example, they're shaking in front of our face, the idea that future AI is going to
take over the world, they already have the rudimentary algorithms necessary to make it
appear on social media for there to be, as I've said many times on the stream over
and over again, an illusion of consensus that has nothing to do with reality about anything.
And we don't even know how far our own message gets when we look on the best example for
my personal existence is Twitter.
If we look on Twitter, there's no way for us to use that as a metric for what other people
see of our tweets or any other tweets, it's just it's a complete unknown for all of us.
And unless we took the time to sit down next to one another with open accounts and compare
things and then do it across thousands and thousands of accounts, would we ever get a
clue as to how we're actually being manipulated.
And even then we might not be scratching the surface as to how it's used in a compounding
way across, like, social and the whole of social media.
I'm just talking about our own little social circles.
Never mind how they orchestrated on larger levels.
It's to me, I needed to hear that because I never I only have this.
We a lot of us only have this view.
We are, we have been tricked into believing that that's our view.
You're, are you still going into an office or to a work location where you have coworkers
that meet at a water cooler and stuff or what?
Yeah, I am.
But you know, I also work in an office where people don't customarily, you know, bring
their politics to work, bring their personal views to work.
However, I'll also say that that would surprise most people if I told them that, if I told
them why I work, they would think that we're bringing politics to the office and we're not.
I think, you know, where I see the effects, again, is when I interact with people one
on one and really when I just, I do a simple test, do the JC test, I should tell them your
theory.
Now, your theory is a shocking theory.
It's hard for people to accept.
I mean, at face value, controlled release.
But you know, you can describe it in, like, 10 seconds, 15 seconds.
You can do it like it's an elevator pitch, okay, you can condense it.
And you know, I got to the point where I was just saying, this isn't political.
This isn't whatever, this is just, you know, what might have happened.
So I just started dropping it on people and seeing what kind of risk of reaction I get
and all I got was positive responses and, you know, it's been months now.
It's been plenty of time for somebody to say, oh, that sounds crazy.
That's not happening.
You know, how far do you get with the aspect of the vast majority of the damage and not
having anything to do with the controlled release?
Do you get that far with them or just the concept of, because if you're starting out
with the molecular biology that I guess you've already sort of got them on the hook with
that RNA can't pandemic.
So controlled release to create the illusion of a pandemic.
Is that what you're trying to get at them with?
Well, your question is a good one because you're asking, you know, what point in the
discussion do we talk about, you know, the broader social effects?
And the answer is really at the beginning because usually that's what prompts the discussion.
Okay.
It's somebody saying, can't believe what they did to our kids.
You know, it's people who are double vaccinated, triple vaccinated that, you know,
now feel like suckers.
That's what that and that's generally, you know, that's that I see that when that conversation
starts, that's usually when I seize the opportunity to, you know, say, yeah, you know,
I think that's what happened and furthermore, and I go from there.
Wow.
And I gauge the reaction that's been my approach now, you know, I encourage others to try the
same thing, you know, it takes a little bit of courage because you're always wondering,
you know, it's my aunt going to think I'm crazy if I say this, you know, people going
to call the police if I say this.
I'm already surprised to hear, I'm already surprised to hear that people feel there are
people who are willing to admit that they kind of feel like they got suckered a little
bit.
That's that's extraordinarily hopeful to me.
You know, I think the mask thing had a lot to do with it.
The masks seem to be the jumping off point for a lot of people either because, you know,
it's usually sometimes it's a comment like they notice, you know, they walked into some
place and people were still wearing masks and they can't believe it, you know, something
like that, or it'll be a comment like, you know, so horrible sending my kids to school
with masks and all that kind of stuff.
So a lot of times the masks, you know, that's sort of, if you were to pick like something
that's sort of symbol encapsulates everything that happened, like a symbol, you know, to
represent the pandemic and the effect that it had on people, I think the mask might be
a better symbol than the vaccine because everybody wore a mask and that that continued
long after.
And furthermore, if you look at the legal battles closely, which I noticed, no one on
social media really does, to the extent the US government's been putting up a fight over
its emergency authorities and put up its toughest fight over the mask mandates, not the vaccine
mandates.
So it's really, I think masks are a good case study, a good jumping off point.
They're also a good illustration of how stupid everyone was because, you know, we can argue
back and forth about immunology this and this and that, but, you know, if you put it, if
you ask somebody, point me to a study shows that masks have any value, you know, they
can't do it.
I find studies that say vaccines have some value, but they run to brick wall when you
ask them to show the data on masks and so, you know, I have one of the best of the best
masks of the pandemic I saved from my kids.
I don't, can you see my camera?
I think you can.
This is a mask that's the one that he wore for band that actually has con and con and
Selmer, the horn makers on it with the hole in the middle for the, for where the instrument
would go.
I mean, this thing is, this thing is gold right here.
This is almost as good in my mind as having one of those little coronavirus plushies from
event 201, except this is actually like more like a, I don't know, this is real evidence
of the crime.
This is not a, this is not a trinket.
This is extraordinary that teachers saw this happening and said nothing.
I guess I would have lost my job as a grade school or high school teacher had this happened
and I was, and I was in that position.
Holy cow.
Yeah.
And you know, what, what amused me about that is that long before the pandemic occurred,
I learned about these plague masks that people wore in like the 14th century, you know,
these long look like a bird beak.
They had cloves inside.
And yeah, apparently the idea was if you, if you stuff this thing with enough herbs that
that would have a purifying effect on whatever you were breathing and mature, you know,
it would kill the virus now.
You got to ask.
Yeah, I got to wonder if somebody sold a mask today that was herb infused, you know, with
a Regano or oil or something right to kill the virus, you know, doctor, somebody, somebody's
patented, you know, coronavirus mask.
People would buy it.
And you know, really, when you think about it, there probably were some antimicrobial
effects from some of the herbs.
They were sticking in those plague masks in the 14th century, you know, possible that
it's a very bear, at the very minimum, he might have been doing a better job.
Yeah.
At the very bare minimum, I've also understood it just as a way for them to deal with the
stench of the death around as they were collecting bodies and so.
So I don't, I don't know, but yeah, it would have been that too.
Yep.
But, you know, I want to say the, the, my broader theme here, again, is that like for
your viewers, I like for anyone to feel a little bit more comfortable coming up with
their own like 30 second elevator pitch.
And I think kind of like the last thing I want to say is, um, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I
took some courses in statistics, statistics theory a long time ago, and I had a prof that
had a technique, uh, our homework was to describe a, a concept in our own words and writing,
um, you know, are squared or something like that, you know, write it in your own words,
write it in your own words, um, and, uh, that's a great exercise, I think, for anyone
think, trying to make sense of what happened right now, um, write down your own version
of it, you know, just in Microsoft Word, your own personal version, and then, you know,
try to edit it down, make it as short as possible, make it as punchy as possible,
and sell it to people, see what kind of reaction you get, because I'll tell you what, you look
at the news today, there's a lot of stuff out there that is going to shock people a
lot more than anything you could possibly say about COVID, you know, and I think we're
living in an era when you can get away with saying a lot more than you might have been
able to say a year ago. And, uh, you know, whose fault is that? Right? No. Anyway, that's
the end of my lecture. Really? I don't know that I have more to say. I'm very, I'm very
excited to hear from, uh, from someone who still goes in somewhere. I still can't believe
sometimes I spend a whole week just here in this garage and then upstairs in my house
and then maybe walk in the dog. And that's it. And, uh, yeah, it's a, it's a real, it's
a real, um, it's a real lame, lame couple of years. It's been from a social perspective,
working at a university, in the department of other scientists, going to lectures and,
and, uh, lunches and seminars. And, uh, yeah, it's, it's a kind of gregariousness that I
miss. So it's, uh, it's nice to have somebody come on my show that I also talk to in my
private life. Um, it makes this feel a little less lonely here. So thanks very much. You
know, more importantly, the, the, the message, if I can summarize it again, is that it seems
like people are more apt to, to go farther than just the, the Scooby-Doo, which is, oh,
it was a lab leak. Um, and, uh, they covered it up a little bit and we might be able to
actually push people to understand that it's a little more complicated than that. And that
makes me very excited. Um, maybe more people are going to wake up faster. I don't know.
Um, maybe, maybe, um, one thing I'll say, um, in my, as an office goer, um, is that, uh,
you know, one, one of the effects of the pandemic really was to murder small businesses. And
I see the effects of that when I go to the office because, you know, I got a lunch break
and I'm used to going out and having options. And, uh, now we got like a Dunkin' Donuts
and a potbelline and, you know, yeah, yeah, it's about it, right? Um, every other place
is gone. You know, you watch the dark cleaning done that place is gone. Now these are all
small family owned businesses gone immigrant owned primarily gone. You know, um, and what's
going to bring those back? What do we want? You know, I don't know. What's the plan for
these cities? Um, you know, that's a kind of discussion. I think it's appropriate for
people to be having. I think that maybe is a more productive discussion than some of the
weird finger pointing that's been going on or the, you know, the efforts to, you know,
get people riled up and get substacked subscribers and whatnot. You know, take a look at your city.
Yeah. Take a look at how many businesses are boarded up and gone. Yeah. Anyway,
I think that's, uh, wow, that's, uh, it is. It's a sobering thing to think about. But that's
what I've been saying on the stream lately. I think you're vaguely aware that it really does
feel focused on, on Main Street. And, uh, we can't, I don't know, I don't think we can underestimate
how much we can do locally indeed and building, rebuilding community and connecting with our
neighbors. Um, some of us have to run for school board or, or, or town council or, or whatever it
is. Otherwise the, the same people are going to keep running and the same, the same, uh,
train is going to keep moving. I don't really know how to encourage people to do it because,
you know, it's, it's, it's a big commitment and it's a big risk. But at some point, we're all
going to have to try at some point to do something, um, a little bit more concrete and maybe,
you know, uh, writing an elevator pitch of your own and, and trying to speak it into a video or
something like that so that the next time, uh, a friend or a relative, um, gives you an opening,
you have this elevator pitch to say, you know, have you ever considered the possibility that it
wouldn't take a lot more than a, a spectacular commitment to a, a story for the world to believe
a story, especially given what, what we use our phones for nowadays, um, and then get them thinking
from that perspective and maybe even the, maybe even a good way to start is to say, do you think
that this pandemic could have happened if we all had phones that still hung on the wall and we had
to answer and ask who are you calling for? Um, I wonder, I don't think it could have been. Um, and,
and that's part of the problem now going forward is that I think we are really being distracted with
future artificial intelligence dangers to make sure that we don't take any meaningful action
against the artificial intelligence already deployed against us. And they're going to play
a shell game for a very long time until we beg for digital ID on the internet. And so I think
we've got to get a couple dominoes ahead of them and already either come up with a way to
sort of establish an anonymous internet of our own or, or to somehow do an end around where we
elect officials that understand that anonymity on the internet is somehow intimately related to
our, our rights to assemble. And so if we can make everybody young people aware of the idea
of that right to assemble and what it really means and how it's been potentially encroached
on in the past and how our new existence, which has little to do with us going to the, I don't know,
the, the VFW or the local bar anymore to meet up with our friends or to interact with our community,
her interacting primarily on social media, then I think we can even make a stronger argument for
our right to assemble to be primarily if we're going to talk about a set of laws that kind of
flows with the culture, well, then you better preserve that right on the internet. If we're
going to preserve it anywhere, seeing as that's the primary place where people meet, can you,
can you end on that at all? I don't know how I pulled that out of my hat, but I think that's
something you might be able to close on. Yeah, it's a, it's a great point. Um, because, um,
you know, we do have a First Amendment, we do talk about it a lot, but you know, when you
actually go back and look at the history of the First Amendment, there isn't a whole lot of,
there aren't a whole lot of occasions when courts have actually said anything about it, right?
You want to go back and look for the latest Supreme Court case on, you know, let's say hate
speech or some whatever you want to call it, okay? It's from the 1960s, okay? Um, now it's true that
we've got freedom of assembly, uh, that's, that's, you know, that's, that's a core value, um, and
it's connected to freedom of speech. And there is a Supreme Court case on this, so it's called
NAACP Alabama. Um, and, uh, it's an interesting case because, uh, you know, the NAACP, again,
everybody understands it when you tell it to them. It's just like controlled release. It's,
it doesn't take, it's real easy to understand. NAACP wants to do business in Alabama.
State of Alabama says we want to see your membership list. NAACP said, uh, no.
Uh, that went to the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court said, uh, yeah, we don't get where
the NAACP's coming from here. You know, let's, uh, you know, uh, do I really need to explain to
people why the NAACP needed anonymity? I don't think so. Do I need to explain to people why Alabama
want to see that membership list? I don't think so. And I think that same rule should apply today.
That's still good case law. It's just that, you know, it's been, that was from the 1960s,
and it's just been a while since, uh, that case popped up. But I'll tell you what, how many people
predicted that, uh, we'd get a nine to zero, uh, unanimous decision, okay, the other day.
How many people predicted that? How many people predicted it was percurium?
Um, you know, if they didn't predict it, why listen to them? You know, why pay any attention
to any other predictions they make about the way things are going to go, you know, again,
write your own story. Percurium is when they don't have an author of the opinion. Is that right?
When they don't tell you who wrote it? Yeah, okay. Yeah. People think it's, you know,
people still don't get this, but, you know, the Supreme Court doesn't have to tell you who wrote
an opinion. You know, people get all shocked when the Supreme Court does this. Oh, it's percurium.
Like it's some big deal, you know, it's just, it's an old trick.
Yeah, I see. I see. Well, yeah. All right. So the gears of the gears of the, of the, of the
of the, of the Republic grind on, and we have to, uh, grab hold of the steering wheel. Again,
I appreciate you taking time out of your afternoon, um, to speak to me and, uh, you know, come back
whenever you can. Grateful for the opportunity. All right. All right. Thank you. Sign it off. Bye-bye.
Bye-bye. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Well, ladies and gentlemen,
you heard the regular guy there. Um, I think we have reason to be hopeful. Uh, I think we have
reason to be, to be optimistic that there is this window, maybe a very narrow one, maybe an
extremely narrow path. Um, but that that wouldn't be anything new. Um, it wouldn't be any news. If I,
if we found out that it was an extremely narrow path that we needed to walk. Um, and I do really
think it starts with reflecting on how we have and have not led for our young people. And I do
think I and others have identified a very crucial mistake that we made when we allowed our young
people to go back to college, back to universities and surrender to those authorities their basic
health, freedom and sovereignty over their bodies. Um, and it would have been very easy for us as
adults to have either raised children that would have known better or to have taken that as a
teachable moment and, and defined for them what was wrong about going back to college and submitting
to those university protocols, whatever they were. And that was a very, very crucial time in the
worst case scenario where, you know, ramping up this discussion of what could happen, what might
happen, what had to be avoided from kept from happening. Don't go home over Christmas break
because you might kill your grandparents. This was not a real, this, this was not a real thing.
This was a, this was a psychological attack on our, on our societies around the globe. And for
sure in the English speaking, TV watching nations that people often generalize call the west.
And we need to come to terms with that. We all need to come to terms with that.
And I don't know where else to start, but with that. And at that stage, you might be having a
conversation where lots of different age groups can listen to you. College parents can listen to
you. College kids can listen to you. High schoolers don't need to be told how screwed up it was.
Because high schoolers were suddenly on their own.
Suddenly the authority figures took over. Suddenly they, they, I mean, yes, it was really bad.
And the college kids, yeah, I don't know what to say other than they may be in the worst shape
because they've also been, you know, mentally assaulted by the contradictions and obfuscation
of the rest of what is now modern college life, modern university life. Back when I went to university
in the, in the 90s, the early 90s, the theme was multiculturalism. And so it was still, you know,
you had to find your hyphenated identity. And since I was, you know, this, that and the other
American, it was difficult for me to, to find the right group, you know, so to speak, the right
sweatshirt to wear. And so I just found myself saying I'm an American and telling everybody over
and over again, no, not a Native American, just an American, my mom's Filipino, my dad's a tall
white guy from Wisconsin is what you get. Ladies and gentlemen, it's just, it's, it's a
about each country coming to terms with what they did or didn't do in response to this, this
narrative. And what, what, what parts of their principles they, they compromised on. And it's,
it's up to all of us to reflect on what principles we compromised on to repent on it. And then to
get back on that very, very narrow path. Because that's our only hope. No one person that we elect
no one person that we follow, no one person that we support is going to solve this problem.
We each have our own heavy lifting to do. We have our own heavy lifting to do with our families. We
have our own heavy lifting to do with our, with the way that we earn a living. And we have our own
heavy lifting with coming to terms with how we processed the, the events of 2020 and 2021 and how
well we stuck to our principles. And once we give, give that, that self account, we can also,
you know, lead by example, for other people to feel comfortable with taking that, you know,
taking account of what they actually did. This could be a moment where hundreds of, of doctors,
even thousands of doctors come to terms with the shortcomings of Western allopathic medicine.
And it could be a revival of everything that, that might be good about it. The, the real, you know,
the real biologics and the real pharmaceuticals that, that there are probably a few that actually
work, you know, there are probably a few things that are worth making purified. There are probably
a few substances that are worth having in your medicine cabinet besides salt and pepper.
Now, the question is, can we be humble enough about where we are to really come to terms with
the fact that we have grossly overextended ourselves way beyond that bright lead red line, which is
the sacred. And we've got to shake our heads and, you know, dump a nice bucket over our heads and,
and wake ourselves up to this reality. And then we wouldn't need to be having these,
you know, really tiptoey discussions that we do about, about the definition of transgender,
the definition of a woman or, or whatever the latest limited spectrum of debate is that everybody's
screaming within. We would be talking about, you know, things that we've agreed on for generations
independent of how they are specifically drawn in the cartoon or what heroes are expressing those
ideals. There are things that we've agreed on for generations. And those things are being
thrown out now for some very specific reason. And that is, I think to create the chaos necessary
to control demolish the country that we call the United States of America. And I don't want
that to happen. This is all I got. United States of America is is who I am. It's I grew up a mall
rat. I grew up. It's funny on Twitter, I grew up having Pizza Hut nights. I grew up having a
letter jacket and riding a bus to away games. I was at a small enough school where we really never
had a run through sign. And when we finally had a run through sign, it really was just a two by
four frame, you know, big enough for one person to pop through. It wasn't our cheerleaders like
didn't throw each other around and stuff like that. And we didn't even have a drum set actually
in the pet band. That's how small it was. We had drums, but not a drum, not a drum set like a lot
of schools have nowadays. I don't know what to say, ladies and gentlemen, there's nothing wrong with
with with the way that we were raising our kids back a generation ago or so. There wasn't really
anything wrong with it. Well, most of the problems that we have right now can be traced to the way
that we eat and the way that we behave. Very few, if any, of the problems that we are currently
experiencing are due to inherent faults of our own genetics or inherent faults of of the system.
Except for the way we eat and the way we behave. We had something pretty decent here in America
with our Constitution. And with Thomas Jefferson. Is that who I'm talking about? Yeah, I think so.
Yes, I get them all mixed up all of a sudden. But definitely, the beginning of the declaration
of independence, I think, is what we need to focus on the very beginning. The part that Woodrow
Wilson said we shouldn't read anymore. That's the part we need to focus on. Because I think
there are a tremendous number of distractions right now that are designed to get us to come up
with a million different solutions and a million different bad guys. When in reality, if American
citizens can take back control of America, if American citizens can can wake up and realize that
you know, there is a way. I mean, you know, voting voting commissioners are sometimes not even
elected by 500 votes. City commissioners can be elected by a few thousand votes.
And so taking back control of our local elections and taking back control of our local governments
is not impossible. Taking back control of the federal federal government may be more difficult
because of the amount of money that is involved. But taking back control of our local governments
is not impossible. And actually, a lot more powerful than you might think. So there's lots of ways,
there's lots of ways forward. But most of it just going to have to do with action. And that's what's
so difficult right now. We are so, so, and I included are so vulnerable to using our phones and watching
our phones and killing time. Because there's so many ways to kill time that a lot of us don't
realize that a thousand, you know, one minute videos is a lot of wasted time. And we got to get
back to, you know, sitting down and reading books. We got to get back down to having dinner at
other people's houses and having conversations and playing cards. We got to get back to building
community again and remembering what it was to be a community. And maybe we have to look forward
to and try to find new ways to build community on the internet that aren't subject to the
kinds of screening and censorship that are normally found on the internet. And that would mean again,
you know, things like my soapbox, where in theory, you know, we can be harassed by random people
from all over the universe. But we can also have conversations with each other and block those
people. And expect that in that feed is going to be basically everything that everybody posts.
And no specific order except for temporally. The way that, you know, a microblogging app like
Twitter was imagined to work. And it actually, if you're not paying very close attention, you
will find that your brain starts to imagine that that's the way that that platform works,
that this is a town square, you know, like if you just walk downtown and looked at the bulletin
board that's behind the little locked window and you read what was coming up for the community
events. You imagine that it's something like that. But in reality, it's not. In reality,
you should think of it more like a notebook full of things that was written by somebody else or
crafted by somebody else for you in particular. And then they're wonder very skeptically,
now wait a minute, did they put this here to benefit me? Or did they put this list of possible
tweets that they could show me to benefit them? That's what I wonder when I see people who follow
thousands of people. What do you imagine happens? Do you imagine that you're scrolling up Twitter
and you're reading the posts from all of these thousands of people that you follow and their
retweets and their quotes? And that by scrolling for a couple hours, you're able to follow all
2,565 people that you follow. Does that even make sense? I guess those people are more likely to
just be spreading their own word and not reading anybody's tweets. And so you can see then how
toxic this whole app is because depending on your objectives, it could be something where you're
just yelling into it and hoping that it goes through as many tubes as possible. Or it could be something
that you genuinely look to as a window to reality. And that's where Twitter is very, very dangerous
because it is not a window into reality. At best, it is a tube that you can yell into and hope that
it goes out many other tubes. And maybe you can game that system by who you follow and who you
don't or who you mute and who you don't. And then when you yell through the tube, you think it goes
to different places. But in reality, you can't really verify what tubes see it and what tubes
don't anyway, ever. It's secret. It's proprietary. And so the more time you waste on that platform,
the more time you waste not having meaningful conversation with your family and friends or at
least listening to people who will provoke meaningful trains of thought.
Then you are really a slave to that to that other thing, that other, you know, entity that's
dropped over your face and that you can go limp as you listen to it. So we got to be very careful
because there's truth out there somewhere it is out there and you know it because you can feel it
in your heart. I mean, even Tucker Carlson wasn't lying when he said all of the things that he said
the other day, he doesn't want to lie. He tries not to lie. He thinks it's important not to lie,
but he has lied and he probably will lie again. All true statements.
And so trust your heart, mute or stop following everybody that does not ring true. And in the end,
you will find parallel streams to the truth. It doesn't matter if I ring true. If you follow
your heart and it says that Jonathan Cooey doesn't ring right to me, then that you need to follow
that and follow who rings true to you. And otherwise,
you know, we're never going to win. And so I hope that as a person who doesn't mind holding
the heavy flashlight, that I can help some people get closer to the exit of the cave,
I hope that some of the people that I've been able to network with, including regular guy,
are people that are that people will find useful in terms of helping them to get the correct
trains of thought going in their mind, because that's what this is really about. And when you
surrender your mind and your attention to social media, you are surrendering your attention and
your mind most likely to the tools of the enslavers. And I'm working against slavery here. I'm working
against those that will enslave our children. And I believe with my whole heart, soul mind,
that they are enslaving us with a series of lies. They have a spectacular commitment to a
mythology that they've created over a few decades. They have every intention of not only reducing
population, but as they reduce population over the next couple generations. And they would love
to be able to record the genetic data from every living human being on the planet. So
the faster they can get to that goal, the better they'll do it in a million different ways,
subverted and with direct and indirect asks. And you're going to see that happen more and more
and more. So if you pay very close attention to the people that are put in front of us that are
purported to be the heroes, you're going to find an awful lot of them involved in sequencing. A lot
of them are involved in, you know, sampling this, that or the other genome and trying to
understand how this genome or that genome or this, this plethora of genomes works together.
And these people that say that they're saving us are more likely, in my mind, if you trace back
their history, you're going to find them associated with HIV, which I think a lot of us will now
agree was probably an elaborate something or other. You will also find them connected very nicely
to any number of technologies related to the human genome project and spinoffs of it. And so
if you find somebody has worked on the blast algorithm or used to do sequence deep sequencing
algorithms before they graduated from college, it's not a coincidence. Because all of these
people that are involved seem to be, in my humble opinion, this is the last thing I'm going to say
and then I'm going to go, then I'm going to go play some hoop, and then I'm going to come back
and probably do a stream after dinner. But I'm not sure about that. But I have this video of Leo
Biddle that I'd really like to listen to. But yeah, now I forgot what I was going to say,
which is too bad. But anyway, I'll think of it later. Regular guy and I have been in regular
off and on communication, but it's been very difficult to get him online. And so it was good
to have him on, good to put his voice out there again. I consider him a very, very good friend
and somebody that I rely on a lot to keep my head level. And so yeah, I don't know.
This has just been kind of a funny stream. I don't know why I'm just letting it flow here. But I
think that's sometimes what I need to do. I hit the stream button. So you know, you got to hit the
stream button, you got to have something to say. And I think we're at a turning point. I don't
think regular guy is wrong. I think there's reason to have hope that they've bent too far.
There's a lot of things that are bent beyond recovery now. And so if we just keep this steady
pressure on, things are going to start to snap. And as things start to snap, more and more people
will become aware of the extent to which we've been taken and become aware of this huge
possibility space that doesn't have any magic tricks or any special new military technologies in
it and still contains all the ingredients necessary to explain what happened right down to positive
PCR tests and sequences that seem to match a virus that was first reported in WUHA.
I think we're really close, ladies and gentlemen. I think the steady pressure that has been, you
know, combining forces and combining knowledge and combining experience with someone like
Jessica Hockett, with someone like Mark Koolack, with someone like Nick Hudson, has really become
something very strengthening and edifying. And so I'm extremely hopeful that this gets
interesting very quick. And one of the things that I can promise you, I have been promising for a while,
is that the giga-owned biological, you know, elevator pitch in a written form is coming very
soon. We'll release it on my sub stack. And you don't need to be a paid subscriber to subscribe
to my sub stack. Don't feel any obligation to that, although I can tell you again,
this stream is funded by only the viewers now. And since CHD decided to end my position in January
4th of 2024, we have been coasting on fumes and we have made it and we are making it.
But I do not want to give any impression that this is something that is easy right now or
something that is very comfortable, but it is something that I know in my heart of hearts that I have to
do. And so I'm going to keep doing it. And I just want to put out a very humble ask
for, you know, anybody that that really is in a genuine position to be able to give up $10 a
month to go to the website and subscribe. If you're in a position to give up more than that,
yeah, it would be great. But right now, if we could just find, you know,
I think it's like 800 or 900 subscribers, we would be really in a position where I could do
a daily show. I could put out, you know, weekly PDFs and we can get this peer tube thing
to a level where we can have 1000 or 2000 people watching it live on a platform that isn't Twitch.
It's not going to drop in a 30 second ad and will not have any algorithms, will not have any
pop ups and will just be a website that we can access and that everybody can use. And they can't
really do anything about it because these servers are gigantic and the internet is a mess. And
if we just stick to ourselves and build this community grassroots, one person at a time,
come to the peer tube, see the stream, don't bother with Twitch anymore. I think we can expand
in a way that here to four, we haven't been able to expand because I know what Twitch is. I see
what Twitch is. I haven't installed on my phone and I have to do like three clicks in order to get
to my own channel because so much garbage and so many live streamers there doing nothing are
thrown in front of me. So I know what Twitch is and I know how annoying it is that, you know,
3,000 of you have decided 3,107 have done all of the necessary absolute absurdity in order to
subscribe to this channel just shows you how incredibly well we are doing because 3,107
subscribers on Twitch, I'm not asking for anymore because I don't want anybody else to install the
app. So I think in a couple weeks already, we're going to be able to have this peer tube running
and we can start to use Twitch as like a replay and we'll always go live on peer
tube instead and that's where we're going to build build for real. So how about them apples?
Does that does that work? I think that's okay, right?
Yeah, independent media, I think that's really it. And I think independent media,
what you need to be honest about doesn't really require very much. If a thousand of us get together,
I think if I had a thousand subscribers, I could probably afford the server, all the upkeep.
We have a couple volunteers right now that are pretty high level IT guys that are donating talent
and treasure at the same time to get this peer tube up. And so I have reasonable hope that in
between one and four weeks from now, we will have it. The only reason why I give extra
breadth for the timeframe that I'm promising is because I know that the people that are helping me
right now actually have a private life that is a little complicated. And despite this incredibly,
you know, busy life with a with a career and and and all the issues of family and kids,
this person and persons rather are donating their time to build this peer tube. So I don't
want any pressure on them. They already feel pressure because they're also excited about
about finally providing this for giga home. And so it is with great humility and patience that I say
that we are very close. The same the same fellow that helped me with the soap box
is helping me with stream dot giga home dot bio. And I do think it's going to happen very soon.
This weekend, I'm going to be gone. Don't forget from Friday until Monday because I'm going to
the broken science, critical thinking boot camp. I will do a report with some videos from there.
And I will do a summary report on Tuesday of that. I think maybe with some materials that I gather
while I'm there and some shout outs from people that I meet. I'm so I'm excited about that. And I
will probably be on later tonight and also definitely tomorrow. So thanks for joining me for this
spontaneous regular guy stream. See you again soon.